sapphire-wagmi-v2: Add EIP-6963 support (#550)
oasisprotocol/sapphire-paratime: integrations/wagmi-v2/README.md

## Usage

### Installation

First install the package and its dependencies.

```
npm install @oasisprotocol/sapphire-wagmi-v2 wagmi@2.x viem@2.x
```

### [EIP-6963] Multi Injected Provider Discovery

#### Single chain - Sapphire

When your application connects exclusively to Sapphire networks, the most 

> straightforward approach is to set `sapphireConfig.replaceProviders = true`. 

Reviewer: Default is `false` right?

This configuration ensures that all EIP-6963 providers are automatically wrapped 
with end-to-end encryption upon registration.

```typescript
import { http } from "wagmi";
import { sapphire, sapphireTestnet } from "wagmi/chains";
import {
  sapphireLocalnet,
  createSapphireConfig,
} from "@oasisprotocol/sapphire-wagmi-v2";

export const wagmiConfig = createSapphireConfig({
  sapphireConfig: {
    replaceProviders: true,
  },
  chains: [sapphire, sapphireTestnet, sapphireLocalnet],
  transports: {
    [sapphire.id]: http(),
    [sapphireTestnet.id]: http(),
    [sapphireLocalnet.id]: http(),
  },
});
```

#### Multichain

> For multichain applications, you need to carefully manage which providers use 
> end-to-end encryption. It's essential to avoid using encrypted connectors for 
> non-Sapphire chains, and conversely, to ensure Sapphire chains use the 
> appropriate encrypted connectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For multichain applications, you must manage which providers use 
end-to-end encryption. It's essential to avoid using encrypted connectors for 
non-Sapphire chains, and conversely, to ensure Sapphire chains use the 
appropriate encrypted connectors.
```

```typescript
import { http } from "wagmi";
import { sapphire, sapphireTestnet } from "wagmi/chains";
import {
  sapphireLocalnet,
  createSapphireConfig,
} from "@oasisprotocol/sapphire-wagmi-v2";

export const wagmiConfig = createSapphireConfig({
  sapphireConfig: {
    replaceProviders: false,
    // Define which providers you want to wrap via RDNS
    wrappedProvidersFilter: (rdns) => ['io.metamask'].includes(rdns)
  },
  chains: [sapphire, sapphireTestnet, sapphireLocalnet],
  transports: {
    [sapphire.id]: http(),
    [sapphireTestnet.id]: http(),
    [sapphireLocalnet.id]: http(),
  },
});
```

The configuration above creates duplicate connectors with the naming convention 
`sapphire.${rdns}` for each selected provider. For example, in an application 
supporting both Ethereum and Sapphire networks, you would use the 
`sapphire.io.metamask` connector specifically for Sapphire chains and the 
standard `io.metamask` connector for Ethereum chain.

[EIP-6963]: https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-6963

> ### [EIP-1193] Injected provider

Reviewer 2: Question for understanding:
The above createSapphireConfig() covers already injected provider, is there any reason to not use it?

Author: `createSapphireConfig` does not cover Injected provider. So the way this works is, that it is a race condition which wallet will "register" itself to `window.ethereum`. But each of the wallets will announce themselves as EIP-6963. So there really is no reason to use both. Potentially you could use both, Injected provider with `createSapphireConfig`. One potential use for Injected provider could be, that you don't want to implement the "wallet picker/EIP-6963 selection" modal, and you just use Injected provider. And some of the wallets, have a mode to "bypass" it to next registered wallet. Or the wallet does not implement EIP-6963, and just uses `window.ethereum` registration. I still think we need a way to cover both use cases, even though preferred mode of usage is EIP-6963.

> In your Wagmi config definition, setup Sapphire wrapping for the injected
> provide using `injectedWithSapphire()` and then define the transports using the
> `sapphireHttpTransport()` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your Wagmi config definition, wrap the injected
provider for Sapphire using `injectedWithSapphire()`, then define the transports using the
`sapphireHttpTransport()` function.
```
